Answer the following questions:

1.) What is exception handling?

A method or a way to gracefully handle errors that programmers can manage.

2.) What is the exception hierarchy? What is the difference between the Exception class and the Error class?

Defines that the Error class and the Exception class are the automatically the subclasses of Throwable class.

Error -- Errors are exceptions that come from the machine. The programmers rarely handle this error. Handled by the JVM
Exceptions - Exceptions that come from the program activity. Therefore, the programmers handle this error gracefully.

3.) What is a try/catch?

**The foundation of all exception handling
try block -- method that wraps and monitors/detects where the error may be

catch block -- "Tries to catch" Handles the exception. Tries to specify the exception

4.) What exceptions have you come across thus far?

try/catch
throw/throws
finally

5.) How many catch statement can you have following a try?

no limit
multiple

6.) How many try statements can you have preceding a catch?

one

7.) What does the finally statement do in a try/catch/finally block?

finally is a statement that executes a result in the statement (for the finally) no matter what the result
is for the try/catch statement

8.) Can you nest exceptions? If so, when would you nest an exception?

Yes, when the inner try block does not catch to exception. There will be another block( the outer try statement) that will be able to
detect the exception

9.) If you want to catch an ArrayIndexOutOfBounds exception and an Exception exception,
    which should you catch first? Why?

    The more specific one, so the ArrayIndexOutOfBounds

    The specified exception is like the child statement of exception catch statement
    Exceptuion exception is talking about all the general exceptions, including the ArrayIndexOutOfBounds

    If the Exception exception is caught first, that means the ArrayIndexOutOfBounds exception is ALSO caught.
    You won't really know what specific exception was caught.

10.) How do you rethrow and exception? Why would you rethrow an exception?

you type the 'throw' keyword then the exception variable, inside the catch scope

If you have multiple exception in the try scope, it would be use ful to re-throw it in to the next catch statement ( so another specified
exception)

11.) What is the purpose of the throws keyword?

To detect exception when you have exception in one or more exceptions

throws detect exceptions following classes
